Hello and welcome back.
So of course unblushing And today we're going to have a different tutorial.
We're not going to go into the technicalities or philosophies of Bitcoin and block chain but rather
we're going to see how Bitcoin mining big bitcoin mining actually works under the hood.
So let's have a look here.
We've got an article from Quartz So definitely check it out at Quartz news at dot com.
It's called photos photos inside one of the largest bitcoin mines.
And so bitcoin as we could see previously the cryptographic puzzle is extremely complex and you need
a lot of computing power to solve it.
A lot of hash power.
So.
So here is an example of what it looks like inside one of these industrial level Bitcoin mines.
So it's a great great piece by quartz.
If you'd like to have a look more I'm always just going to look through the photos so here you can see
like hanger's hangers all of this of these rigs.
Look at that like huge stoles with all these Bitcoin miners inside they have numbers they're all connected
they're all just churning away
as a form of how much imagine how much electricity is going into that.
Then you can see that they not only have their own cooling inside each one they actually have full cooling
for the building because that's how much heat they produce.
There's some waste.
Of course there they are.
There are our rigs.
So depending on what type of minuses this would be.
These would be A-6 that use is probably a bit mines as these are going to be A-6 and we'll talk about
more of that in coming to Charles.
But just look at the scale of operation
incredible.
When I saw this first I was always an oil.
I did not imagine that this is what's what it's come to.
And this is all to solve a cryptographic hash puzzle.
It's probably the center of operations.
Again some packaging fixing up one of their units or maintenance will put that installation incredible
just to solve a cryptographic hash puzzle which as we discussed has no other reason apart from making
it hard for four miners to solve it so that we have the proof of work because look at what one theory
create.
And this is just one my this is lots of the lights
whole operation set up to do this thing while they actually even stay there.
Yes that's for napping.
OK.
That's lives of the people.
There are miners that reminds you or reminds me like my grandfather was a coal miner and really reminds
me of like I can imagine his life would be something like that.
But this is welcome to the 21st century mining right.
Well not to say they are coal miners of course we still have coal miners but like coal technology has
created mining created a whole industrial I don't know if it's in to can be called an industrial sector
but a whole sector a whole shaping up to be an economical sector and just look economic economics just
look at the size of these things like huge buildings buildings lots of people involved and they this
is their life.
This is what they do for work.
So there we go that's an example of a bitcoin mine in China just something to ponder on.
And there's definitely check out this article if you'd like to actually have a read through it or.
Thank you very much to quaters for such a great message great photos.
They they have lots of great articles.
Check them out.
And also there's lots of good videos showing the actual what it's like inside the mind so you can actually
hear the sound of the propellers you can hear everything working and see everything working so yeah
just something to ponder on.
And I look forward to seeing your next step.
Until then enjoy Bushin.